initial content for 2.6.7 (#6449)
rancher/dashboard: shell/content/docs/en-us/whats-new.md

title: What's New in 2.6
---

## New in 2.6.7

### Amazon Billing in the Marketplace

> - Now you can purchase support for Rancher through the AWS marketplace 

Reviewer: Nit, but I think we want to match capitalization of official feature name
```suggestion
- Now you can purchase support for Rancher through the AWS Marketplace 
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You can now purchase support for Rancher directly through the AWS Marketplace:  https://rancher.com/docs/rancher/v2.6/en/installation/cloud-marketplace/aws/
```

That link will be dead until docs are merged, you can see it here: https://staging.rancher.com/docs/rancher/v2.6/en/installation/cloud-marketplace/aws/

Maybe @wjimenez5271 has the link to the actual csp-adapter listing.

Reviewer 2: Actually we shouldn't do that since there are different listings for diff countries. I like text above. Reposting: 

```
You can now purchase support for Rancher directly through the AWS Marketplace:  
https://rancher.com/docs/rancher/v2.6/en/installation/cloud-marketplace/aws/
```

> - Now you can purchase support for Rancher through the AWS Marketplace 

Reviewer 2: We should still add something here.

Author: Per an earlier note, we'll go for:
> You can now purchase support for Rancher directly through the AWS Marketplace:  
https://rancher.com/docs/rancher/v2.6/en/installation/cloud-marketplace/aws/

### Ability to configure Azure AD with MSAL

> - [need description]

Reviewer 2: ```
Microsoft have deprecated the Azure AD Graph API that Rancher had been using for authentication via Azure AD. 
A configuration update is necessary to make sure users can still use Rancher with Azure AD.
For more details see: https://rancher.com/docs/rancher/v2.6/en/admin-settings/authentication/azure-ad/#migrating-from-azure-ad-graph-api-to-microsoft-graph-api
```

Taken and modified from: https://github.com/rancher/rancher/issues/29306#issuecomment-1195846938

Author: Thanks!

### Kubernetes 1.24

> - Kubernetes 1.24 is now available as a supported Kubernetes version option when provisioning RKE1 clusters as well as upgrading imported RKE2/k3s clusters.

Reviewer: We support running Rancher itself on 1.24. We also support it for downstream provisioned RKE2 clusters (not just imported ones).

So, I think we should state something like this:
```suggestion
- Kubernetes 1.24 is now supported Kubernetes version for running Rancher as well for provisioned and imported RKE1/RKE2/k3s clusters.
```

@jiaqiluo @kinarashah @sowmyav27 @slickwarren, please chime in if the above is incorrect.

Reviewer 3: The proposed changes LGTM.  
A side note is that now 1.24 is the default version when creating an RKE1/RKE2/K3s cluster via Rancher UI and the default version for RKE CLI.

Reviewer 4: I agree, LGTM

### RKE2 Encryption Key Rotation

> - [need description]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- RKE2 encrypts secret data at rest by default. You can now rotate the key used for this encryption for Rancher-provisioned RKE2 clusters with supported k8s versions.
```

@jakefhyde @Oats87 , please correct / add as necessary

Reviewer 5: It might be worth calling out that this feature is also available for k3s as well (although encryption not enabled by default) for clarity. Also I know we are release noting https://github.com/rancher/rke2/issues/3186, but should we also call it out here as well?

Reviewer: @jakefhyde , thank you!

I believe we generally want short statements on UI splash screen highlighting the features. So I don't believe we want to list all known issues and such here. But I'll let @gaktive decide.
Also, the actual issue that we will be release noting is this one: https://github.com/rancher/rancher/issues/38283

## New in 2.6.6

### Bug fix for a performance problem

> - Addresses a traffic spike from downstream clusters

Reviewer 2: Is this for 4484 ? That was released in 2.6.6, but obviously this modal wasn't updates, so is this aiming to cover that ?

Author: Yeah, I want to primarily account for why there's a 2.6.6 in this area since we'd skip from 2.6.5 to 2.6.7 without any explanation.

Author: Done in another conversation.

> - This addresses an issue spotted with traffic spikes from downstream clusters.

Reviewer 2: You'll need to adjust title/section above to all make sense together: 

```2.6.6 was released to account for a major performance issue. The issue occurred when Rancher was attempting to control large volumes of traffic from downstream clusters. This mechanism was not handling disconnects properly and would result in indefinite locks. This is now working properly.```

Author: Thanks!
